it is whoring themselves out for gifts
though um let's go over to Nathan
Virginia Beach Hermes hey Ronnie hey I
think you got an invite them just to
keep the peace but then it's on them you
know they gotta know their place to
respectfully decline the invitation they
don't you gotta do some you gotta dump
see it's a very good point that you said
if we're playing the fezzes thing of its
in the best dedicate to invite it's also
in the best etiquette to say I
appreciate the offer boys now go out and
enjoy yourself the guy can't be fucking
wandered around crying in the corner to
you he didn't get to something I mean
for me that's a fucking red flag not to
join this family that this guy wants to
be around you and your friends under
such a circumstances what the fuck for
there's no good that can come out of
this yeah things get weird at family
parties no fuck yeah they get weird get
weird is what it's all about um here's
our buddy reg from the 20th floor Iran
what's that says hey buddy hey guys last
time me and my gray very Montreal we
actually saw a bachelor up on stage and
the father-in-law came running from the
back and grabbed them off stage with
everybody brewing because you know he
didn't like the antics that we're going
on see the and if the guy acts like an
animal that knots a no-win fucking
situation there's no wind to this the
follow-along should not be partying with
the son and his friend period agreed hex
you're green fuck you Fez only need your
free anonymous I disagree we had a great
time maybe owes what he had fun at the
bar at the bachelor party you rat you
had a no fun party you did like the
Chuck E Cheese version of it these guys
are really having a bachelor party well
then they I think they should still
invite him and let them know that this
is going to be the two-day bender that
it's gone
to be right and how is going to decide
right but how is he going to decide if
he looks over he sees everybody now
everybody's gonna take the coke in the
bathroom like weird fucking you know
fridays or something they want to put it
out on the table they want to fuck him
put bitches out there they want to have
an ugly horrible fucking time shouldn't
be getting married you sound like you
don't need one though well no I don't I
don't like that idea of like the whole
bachelor thing i'm over at UH you're
over bachelors you want you just want to
be with a married man yeah how'd you
know that would be the best way for you
that you become a because you don't want
that whole fun gimmick it that way you
have like a little star apartment for
yourself right down the row case you
ever fucking need you here is Ryan your
mother fuss yeah Ronnie I dated girls
that's like the whole family's like
hangs out together on the weekend and
everything and feel and it's like the
father's like I've been in weddings and
that it's like the future father-in-law
I wants to come and hang out with
everybody and I don't think that's the
point of the bachelor party I don't like
to hang out with my family and let
success you know like a formal holiday
function that's just weird at all yeah
it is it's all too strange keeping his
family not his buddies um here's a
Justin Justin your manifest a roni it's
actually kind of a follow-up I called in
asking if I should take my
brother-in-law to my bachelor party
couple years ago I I took him a group of
us chartered a plane to Vegas a
mild-mannered guy went off the fucking
reservation when we got there I mean
he's picking up picking up strippers for
the group I lost this guy found him
found in the day later passed out in a
different casino I mean totally
unexpected unless you go to Vegas and
then those things happen
yeah there is a lot of guys that are
mild mental and straight guys because
that that's the only thing that they
were allowed to be and as soon as
somebody isn't fucking pulling on that
bridle they just they run fucking wild
they couldn't make it out on their own
they couldn't make it a single people
because they're fucking lunatics they
all live like Charlie Manson